=todonotes
Define todo- and fixme-command to mark open topics during software development.

==Usage:
Add _todo_ and _fixme_ to your code and get track of your todos during 
runtime of your code.

Productive programms should not use this gem.

When you pass a todo/fixme during execution, you get a logging information.

  todo ('message' ) { "temporary result" }
  fixme ('message' ) { "temporary result" }

todo and fixme have the same syntax, the sematic meaning is:
* ToDo: Mark missing code.
* FixMe: Mark code to repair.

Disadvantage:
* Does not replace a good IDE to find the ToDo/Fixmes.


This Gem is based on a proposal in http://forum.ruby-portal.de/viewtopic.php?f=11&t=11957

=Example

Think, you have to write a script to count all prime between 1 to 10.

You don't know how to check for primes, but at least you know,  primes must be odd.

So you can start your program:
  require 'todonotes'

  primecount = 0
  for i in 1..10
          if fixme "Calculate if prime, temporary: true for odd numbers" do 
                i.odd?  #tempory: odd = prim
              end
            primecount += 1 
            puts "#{i} is a prime number"
          else
            puts "#{i} is no prime number"
          end
  end

  todo "Return total number of primes"

Or
  require 'todonotes'
  class Fixnum
    def prime?
        fixme "Calculate if prime" do 
                self.odd?  #tempory: odd = prim
        end    
    end
  end

  primecount = 0
  for i in 1..10
          if i.prime?
            primecount += 1 
            puts "#{i} is a prime number"
          else
            puts "#{i} is no prime number"
          end
  end

  todo "Return total number of primes"

Now you get a output like this:

  FixMe: todonotes_prim2.rb:12 Calculate if prime misssing (temporary: true)
  1 is a prime number
  FixMe: todonotes_prim2.rb:12(2) Calculate if prime misssing (temporary: false)
  2 is no prime number
  FixMe: todonotes_prim2.rb:12(3) Calculate if prime misssing (temporary: true)
  ...
  ToDo : todonotes_prim2.rb:27 Return total number of primes (temporary: nil)


The Todonotes is warning about a wrong or uncompleted code piece.

The ToDo is warning for a missing code piece.

You are informed about source code file and line number. In braces you get the number of calls.

The todo/fixme command evaluates the optional block.
The result is returned as a temporary result (in this example: odd numbers are primes.).


Please refer the examples folder for more details.

==Logging

The Fixme's and ToDo's are reported via a logger (log4r).

The first call of a fixme/todo is a warning, the next call is an information.
With this logic you can decide, if you want to see each call or only the first call.


You may change the level with:
  Todonotes.logger.level = Log4r::WARN #only first time of a call of a fixme/todo
  Todonotes.logger.level = Log4r::INFO   #report all calls of fixme/todo

You can log the fixme/todos to a file:
  Todonotes.log2file()

==Get Overview
You may print an overview on all fixme/todos:
  Todonotes.print_stats()

Example:
  List of ToDos/Fixmes:
  todonotes_prim.rb:11:   10 calls
  todonotes_prim.rb:21:    1 call

There is a fixme/todo in line 11 and 21 in todonotes_prim.rb.